[GC] Add notes for June 16th meeting (#584)
WebAssembly/meetings: gc/2020/GC-06-16.md

- **Where**: zoom.us
- **When**: June 16th, 4pm-5pm UTC (June 2nd, 9am-10am Pacific Daylight Time)
- **Location**: *link on calendar invite*

### Registration

None required if you've attended before. Fill out the form here to sign up if
it's your first time: https://forms.gle/JehrAB4gWbtHjybt9. The meeting is open
to CG members only.

## Logistics

The meeting will be on a zoom.us video conference.
Installation is required, see the calendar invite.

## Agenda items

1. Opening, welcome and roll call
    1. Opening of the meeting
    1. Introduction of attendees
1. Find volunteers for note taking (acting chair to volunteer)
1. Adoption of the agenda
1. Proposals and discussions
1. Closure

## Meeting Notes

### Introduction of attendees

* Adam Klein
* Andreas Rossberg
* Ben Smith
* Cheng Shao
* Daniel Wirtz
* Emanuel Ziegler
* Francis McCabe
* George Karachalias
* Hans Hoeglund
* Jakob Kummerow
* JP Sugarbroad
* Keith Miller
* Lachlan Sneff
* Lars Hansen
* Luke Wagner
* Ross Tate
* Ryan Hunt
* Sabine
* Syvatoslav Kuzmich
* Wouter van Oortmersson
* Zalim

### Update: v8 GC prototype (@jakobkummerow)

> [Jacob presenting]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Jakob presenting]
```

> TODO(jkummerow): slides

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1FhDU3lkjQIuXA7K9MK3MXggQvxT5Glj4e2bifr4_Jlg/edit?usp=sharing)
```

RT: How are you doing v-tables?

JK: You can put function references into an array?

[some audio issues]

RT: Function calls have to be done by putting a funcref into a table, just wondering if that's the plan

JK: Yes, I think so. Not strictly required to have function references right now. If so, we'll add it.

Zalim: Any information about when it will be finished?

> JK: I'm hoping in a week or so, but not willing to make

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JK: I'm hoping in a week or so, but hesitant to make any promises.
```

KM: Any further work?

JK: Not quite done with milestone 2, not sure what to do after that. Don't want to waste work. Not too willing to do experimental work. We're interested in hearing feedback. Planning to take time to respond to feedback.

HH: How best to try this out?

> JK: Compiling from source is not too hard. You can use JSVU, you can get fairly up-to-date binary snapshots. Also can use Chrome canary (24-hour latency)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
JK: Compiling from source is not too hard. You can use [JSVU](https://github.com/GoogleChromeLabs/jsvu), you can get fairly up-to-date binary snapshots. Also can use Chrome canary (24-hour latency)
```
Adding useful link that Adam provided on the chat.
